fix: apply request limit for product store-api endpoints again (#12362)
shopware/platform: changelog/_unreleased/2025-09-08-allow-search-store-api-to-set-a-limit.md

---

> title: allow search store-api to set a limit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Allow Store-API search endpoints to set a limit again
```

issue: 6652
---
# Core

> * Changed `\Shopware\Core\Content\Product\SalesChannel\Listing\Processor\PagingListingProcessor::prepare` to allow using request parameter `limit` to set a custom limit for search store-api requests. The limit is capped to a maximum of `shopware.api.store.max_limit` (default: 100).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed `\Shopware\Core\Content\Product\SalesChannel\Listing\Processor\PagingListingProcessor::prepare` to allow usage of request parameter `limit` to set a custom limit for search Store-API requests. The limit is capped to the value of `shopware.api.store.max_limit` (default: 100).
```

___
# API

> * Changed `/store-api/product-listing/{categoryId}`, `/store-api/search` and `/store-api/search-suggest` to allow using request parameter `limit` to set a custom limit for search store-api requests. The limit is capped to a maximum of `shopware.api.store.max_limit` (default: 100).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed `/store-api/product-listing/{categoryId}`, `/store-api/search` and `/store-api/search-suggest` to allow usage of request parameter `limit` to set a custom limit for search store-api requests. The limit is capped to the value of `shopware.api.store.max_limit` (default: 100).
```

Reviewer: this should probably also be documented in the `Upgrade information` section

Author: Upgrade information added
